Astro 1/24 release notes (#1782)
astronomer/docs: astro/airflow-alerts.md

    - Click **Download Credentials** or copy them and store them in a safe place.
    - Click **Close Window**.

> 7. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace, go to **Deployments**, and then select a Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace, click **Deployments**, and then select a Deployment.
```

Reviewer: Alternatively, you can use _select_ as recommended in our secondary style guide:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/214841948-2c0f0da0-5d33-48ec-b9ec-e524b70d175b.png)
